
                               JP Software

                           Product Information

                Pre-Release Distribution -- May 27, 1997


   [PLEASE NOTE:  This file is distributed with pre-release versions of
   4DOS, 4NT, Take Command/16, and Take Command/32.  If you are trying
   the pre-release version, and you like the software and want to order
   it, you have two options:
   
      (1) Order now for shipment now.  We'll ship our current released
          product, under current prices and terms, then ship the new
          release automatically when it is ready, at no additional cost
          to you.  If that's what you want, please note clearly on the
          order form that you want the current version.  (This option is
          not available for upgrade or add-on orders.)

      (2) Order now for shipment when the final release is ready (if you
          are ordering an upgrade, this is the option you want).  In
          this case just send in the order form without special notes,
          and we'll assume we should hold your order until the final
          release is ready.

   Thanks!]
          

This file will give you complete information on the products we sell,
and other related items like ordering and shipping.

There's a lot of information here.  Here's a QUICK SUMMARY for those in a
hurry ...

   * Already know what you want to order and need no additional
     information?  Go right to one of our order forms:

          ORDFORM.TXT         For new customers
          UPGFORM.TXT         For current customers

   * Aren't sure what our products are or which one(s) might be useful
     to you?  See the PRODUCT OVERVIEW and NEW COPIES sections below,
     along with our SATISFACTION GUARANTEE.

   * Need to know what printed documentation you'll receive with the
     products you order?  See DOCUMENTATION.

   * Need international shipping rates?  Dealers outside the U.S.?  See
     the file INTERNAT.TXT.

   * Want to purchase our products to run on multiple systems?  Already
     own one or more products, and need more copies so you can run them on
     multiple systems?  See MULTI-SYSTEM LICENSES.

   * Own one or more JP Software products and want the latest version(s)?
     See UPGRADES.  Need to purchase additional products, or switch
     products?  See ADD-ONS and CONVERSIONS.

   * Need some other administrative information?  Check out CONTACTING JP
     SOFTWARE (just below) and the sections on PAYMENT, SHIPPING, and
     LEGAL INFORMATION near the end of the file.

   * Want to know what other interesting items we sell?  See ADDITIONAL
     PRODUCTS.


CONTACTING JP SOFTWARE
----------------------
   Often the simplest way to learn more about our products, place an
   order, or find the latest updates is to visit our web site at
   http://www.jpsoft.com/.

   You can order most products from the dealer you or your company use
   regularly; if your dealer does not carry the product they can order it
   easily from JP Software.  Our products are available from software
   vendors such as Stream International, Software House, 800 Software, and
   Programmer's Paradise.  See the web site for a complete dealer list;
   also see INTERNAT.TXT for dealers outside the U.S. (Dealers, VARs,
   and consultants, please contact us for reseller pricing and terms.)

   If you have questions which are not answered here or on our web site,
   need a quote, or want to contact our Sales and Customer Service
   departments directly for any other reason, we be reached as follows:

          Email orders / inquiries      sales@jpsoft.com or
                                          CompuServe 75020,244
          Phone orders                  800-368-8777 (US / Canada)
          General phone inquiries       617-646-3975
          Fax line                      617-646-0904

   Our phones are normally staffed on weekdays from 8:30 AM to 5:00 PM,
   eastern U.S. time.

   Notes On Security of Electronic Orders:

      You can transmit your order to us electronically via CompuServe
      Mail, Internet email, or our web site.  CompuServe Mail services are
      centrally located and generally considered to be quite secure.  The
      security of Internet email is almost entirely beyond our control,
      though we have received email orders for years and have never
      experienced any security problems.  As of this writing orders placed
      via our web site have roughly the same level of security as Internet
      email.  We plan to improve the security there by shifting online
      order entry to a commercial service running a "secure server"; see
      the notes on our web order form for its current security status.

      If you are concerned about the security of electronic orders please
      place your order by phone, fax, or mail; or send it electronically,
      include a reliable daytime U.S. or Canadian telephone number, and
      mark "Please call" in the credit card section of the form.  We will
      call you for the credit card number when we receive your message.
      This service is not available outside the U.S. and Canada.


SATISFACTION GUARANTEE
----------------------
   If you are not fully satisfied with a JP Software product you may
   return it at any time up to 90 days after purchase for a refund
   of the full product price (shipping and rush order charges are not
   refundable).

   If you are dissatisfied with a product we sell which is not produced
   by JP Software you may return it for a full refund if it is in
   resalable condition, or a 50% refund if not.

   Please contact us for a return authorization before returning any
   product for a refund.

   See the LICENSE.DOC file, your diskette envelope, or the printed
   material which came with your order for the complete text of our
   warranty and related disclaimers, which is separate from this
   satsifaction guarantee.


PRODUCT OVERVIEW
----------------
   JP Software's award-winning products are designed to make it easier to
   work with your computer by providing powerful, flexible, and easy to
   use command line tools.

   All six of our primary products are "command processors":  They display
   the command prompt (for example, "C:\>" or "[C:\]"), allow you to enter
   commands, and interpret and execute the commands you type.

   Your operating system comes with a command processor which performs the
   same basic function (it's called COMMAND.COM in DOS and Windows 95, or
   CMD.EXE in OS/2 and Windows NT).  As you probably know if you've used
   the command prompt at all, these built-in command processors are very
   limited, out of date, and quite unfriendly.

   In contrast, our products are modern tools which make the command line
   easy and straightforward to use, rather than frustrating and
   inefficient.  They're compatible with the traditional command
   processors that come with your operating system, so the commands you're
   used to work just as you'd expect.  Then we've added hundreds of new
   features and capabilities that will make work at the command prompt
   simple, productive, and worthwhile.

   We've also created a comprehensive set of new batch file commands and
   functions that allow batch developers to perform in a few lines what
   used to take hundreds -- or couldn't be done at all.

   If you've never used our products, you're probably reading this because
   you downloaded a trial copy.  We encourage you to try the product (or
   any of the others we offer!) and see if you like it.  For a more
   detailed overview of features see Chapter 1 of the "Introduction and
   Installation Guide", in the file <PRODNAME>.TXT (i.e.  4DOS.TXT,
   4OS2.TXT, etc.), or our web site.  Feel free to contact us with
   questions that come up during your evaluation.  You can also purchase
   any product and try it out, risk-free, under our full 90-day money-back
   satisfaction guarantee (see the previous section).

   All six of our products offer very similar sets of features and
   commands.  Our goal is to make the same set of enhancements available
   in each operating environment, so you can move easily from one to
   another without having to limit your work, or switch tools.

   Our command processors are divided into two types:  "Text Mode"
   "Graphical User Interface" (GUI) products.  A text mode command
   processor is the kind you're probably used to:  It displays commands
   and their output in a fixed font, typically with 80 columns in a line
   and 25 lines on the screen, and offers none of the "graphical" features
   like menus or toolbars that are common in GUI environments such as
   Windows or OS/2.  A GUI command processor works very much like a text
   mode product, but runs in a GUI environment and has the "look and feel"
   appropriate to that environment.  GUI command processors aren't as
   flexible as their text-mode counterparts in handling text-mode
   application programs, but they often "fit" better in the GUI
   environment.  (For a more comprehensive document on choosing the right
   product, see our web site.)

   The individual products are:

      * 4DOS, our award-winning 16-bit DOS product, replaces the
        traditional DOS command processor (COMMAND.COM) under MS-DOS /
        PC-DOS 3.0 or above, Windows 95, Novell DOS / OpenDOS 3.4 or
        above, and in OS/2 DOS sessions.

      * 4OS2, our 32-bit OS/2 text-mode command processor, replaces the
        default OS/2 command processor (CMD.EXE) under OS/2 2.1, Warp 3.0,
        Warp 4.0, and above.

      * 4NT, a 32-bit Windows NT text-mode command processor, replaces
        Windows NT's CMD.EXE under Windows NT 3.5, 3.51, 4.0, and above.

      * Take Command/16. a 16-bit Windows 3.x GUI command processor, runs
        under Windows 3.1 and 3.11, and Windows for Workgroups.

      * Take Command/32, our 32-bit Windows GUI command processor, runs
        under Windows 95 and Windows NT 3.5, 3.51, 4.0, and above.

      * Take Command for OS/2 is a 32-bit OS/2 Presentation Manager GUI
        command processor.  It runs under OS/2 Warp 3.0 and 4.0.

   We also offer Product Packs and a CD which make it easy to combine
   products to suit your needs; see the next section for details.


NEW COPIES
----------
   We offer each product individually at $69.95 (includes a Reference
   Manual for 4DOS, 4OS2, and 4NT; Take Command Reference Manual must be
   purchased separately, at $16.95).

   A quick description of each product is in the previous section; for
   more details see the documentation which came with the product you
   downloaded, or the complete descriptions available on our web site.

   Product Packs give you a wide range of options for purchasing multiple
   products, depending on your operating system and your needs and
   preferences.  We offer the following packs for those who need to use
   multiple products on one system:

      * The Windows 95 Pack includes 4DOS, Take Command/32, and both
        printed Reference Manuals for just $99.

      * The Windows NT Pack includes 4NT, Take Command/32, and both
        printed Reference Manuals for $99.

      * The Windows Pack includes 4DOS and Take Command/16,
        plus both printed Reference Manuals, for just $99.

      * The OS/2 Pack includes 4OS2 and 4DOS, with printed Reference
        Manuals, for only $89.  For an additional $30 the OS/2 Triple Pack
        adds Take Command for OS/2 and its Reference Manual.

   The JP CD SUITE includes all six products for those using multiple
   operating systems, and costs only $119.95!  (In most cases, you'll find
   the CD Suite offers better value than any product Pack when you are
   purchasing three or more of our products).  The CD Suite comes with
   complete on-line documentation; if you need printed documentation, the
   CD Suite Manual Pack is only $29.95.

   Finally, we offer a "Help Text Disk" for 4DOS, 4OS2, and 4NT.  This
   disk, which is available for $19.95, contains the files you need to
   customize our help text (for use on your own system or by others
   within your organization who have purchased our products).  The 4DOS
   help text includes a help compiler; the 4OS2 and 4NT help text
   require the compiler appropriate to your operating system (e.g., from
   the OS/2 or Windows NT Software Development Kit).


DOCUMENTATION
-------------
   The printed documentation for our products includes an Introduction and
   Installation Guide to help you get started, and a Reference Manual with
   complete reference information.  There are two versions of each -- one
   covers the character-mode products (4DOS, 4OS2, and 4NT); the other
   covers all three versions of Take Command.

   Virtually all of the information in these manuals is also included in
   the online help for each product.  In addition, the Introduction and
   Installation Guide is included in ASCII form with all of our products.

   Here's the printed documentation we ship with each product:

      - New copies of 4DOS, 4OS2, and 4NT include both the Introduction
        and Installation Guide and the Reference Manual.

      - Take Command comes with an Introduction and Installation Guide;
        the Reference Manual must be purchased separately ($16.95).

      - Product Packs come with all printed documentation; there is
        no need to purchase manuals separately.

      - The JP CD Suite comes with only electronic documentation;
        printed manuals must be purchased separately (CD Suite
        Manual Pack, $29.95).

      - Multi-system licenses come with one set of documentation for
        the product(s) licensed.  Additional sets may be purchased
        (up to the number of systems licensed), contact us for
        pricing.

      - Upgrades and Add-Ons / Conversions come with the new Introduction
        and Installation Guide(s) you need for the product(s) you are
        upgrading.  New Reference Manuals must be purchased separately
        ($16.95).


UPGRADES
--------
   Individual product upgrades are $29.95 for the first product, and
   $19.95 for each additional product.  Please include your current
   serial number for each product you are upgrading.

   A JP CD Suite upgrade is $49.95 if you have the CD Suite Release 2 with
   six products, or $59.95 if you have CD Suite Release 1 with 5 products.

   Switching operating systems?  Not sure which operating system you'll
   be using in the future?  Own three or more products already?  Convert
   from your current individual product(s) to the JP CD Suite (listed on
   the upgrade order form under Add-Ons / Conversions) and you'll
   receive all six JP Software command line tools, including upgrades
   for all the products you own now.  This option is just $89.95 if you
   own one product, and $69.95 if you own two or more -- if you are
   upgrading three or more products this means you can convert to the CD
   Suite for the same amount you'd pay for your upgrade, or less!

   If you own a single-user license for any JP Software product, or the JP
   CD Suite, and you need to license additional systems at the same time
   as your upgrade, see the Special Offer pricing for up to four
   additional systems under MULTI-SYSTEM LICENSES below.

   Upgrade prices listed here and shown on the order form are valid
   THROUGH AUGUST 31, 1997 ONLY, and will increase after that date.

   Additional Upgrade Notes:

      If you originally purchased an individual, full-price copy of 4DOS
      5.5 or above, 4OS2 2.5 or above, 4NT 2.5 or above, or Take Command,
      in most cases you can download your upgrade to this latest release,
      and BRAND it with the information that came with your original
      order.  If your original order for any product was for an earlier
      version, for the JP CD Suite, or from certain special offers, you
      must purchase the upgrade; you cannot download it.

      Individual product upgrade prices on this form are valid for those
      who own an up to date, registered copy of 4DOS 5.0 or above, 4OS2 or
      4NT 2.0 or above, or any version of Take Command.  Upgrades from
      older versions (4DOS 4.02 and below, 4OS2 / 4NT 1.x) are an
      additional $10 per product.

      If you purchased any JP Software product within 60 days of the final
      release of this version you will receive an upgrade automatically
      (if you purchased through a reseller you must send in your
      registration card and proof of purchase before we can send your
      upgrade).  If you purchased the JP CD Suite under the special summer
      1996 upgrade offer which included the next version free you will
      also receive your upgrade automatically.

      If you have a multi-system license and it is listed in the table
      below, you can order an upgrade at that price -- just be sure to
      provide your serial number and the number of systems licensed with
      your order.  If your license size is not listed, contact us for a
      quote.  To increase your license size at the same time as you
      upgrade you must purchase the upgrade, and also pay the appropriate
      license increase fee; see MULTI-SYSTEM LICENSES below for increase
      fees.

         Partial Multi-System License UPGRADE Price Schedule:

           Number of         One         Two       Three       JP CD
             Systems     Product    Products    Products       Suite
           ---------    --------    --------    --------    --------
                2       $     40    $     61    $     84    $     67
                5             72          94         126         118
               10            126         161         196         206
               15            171         218         265         279
               25            261         332         403         425
               50            450         560         680         710
              100            720         890       1,070       1,120
              250          1,260       1,520       1,790       1,850
              500          1,800       2,200       2,500       2,600


ADD-ONS and CONVERSIONS
-----------------------
   We offer substantial discounts when you need to purchase an additional
   product for use on the same system as your current JP Software
   product(s), switch from one product to another, or upgrade to the JP CD
   Suite with all six products.

   To add a product to your current system, or switch from one product to
   another, list the new product(s) you need on the order form; the cost
   is only $29.95 each.

   To upgrade to the JP CD Suite with all six products you'll pay just
   $89.95 if you currently own one product, and $69.95 if you own two or
   more.  This price includes upgrades for all products you currently own.

   These reduced prices are NOT valid if you need another product for use
   on a different system (e.g., you have 4DOS on one system and want to
   keep using it, and also put 4NT on a different system).  In that case
   you'll need to use our standard new system prices -- see "New Copies
   and Product Packs" above for details.


MULTI-SYSTEM LICENSES
---------------------
   Multi-System Licenses allow you to run our enhanced command line tools
   on multiple systems, at a substantial discount.  Larger licenses are
   discounted even more heavily, and multi-product licenses are available
   as well (details on both are below).

      PLEASE NOTE:  Our standard single-system license allows you to
      run our software on a system at work, a system at home, and a
      portable system, as long as all systems are used primarily by
      the same individual, and they are not used at the same time
      except when you are transferring files between them.  If your
      usage pattern does not meet these terms (e.g. you use more
      than one system at a time, or have different people using the
      various systems), you must purchase additional licenses for
      the appropriate number of systems

   Some typical license configurations and prices are shown below.
   For larger licenses or intermediate license sizes not shown, please
   request a specific quote on the license configuration that best meets
   your needs.

      Partial Multi-System License Price Schedule:

        Number of         One         Two       Three       JP CD
          Systems     Product    Products    Products       Suite
        ---------    --------    --------    --------    --------
             2        $   111     $   143     $   175     $   197
             5            237         305         373         431
            10            417         535         653         761
            15            567         725         883       1,031
            25            867       1,105       1,343       1,571
            50          1,470       1,860       2,250       2,630
           100          2,370       2,960       3,550       4,130
           250          4,200       5,100       6,000       6,900
           500          6,000       7,100       8,200       9,400

   Multi-system licenses may be used at any number of physical sites, and
   on networked or stand-alone systems, as long as all support and
   distribution are handled through a single location.

   You can increase your license size at any time simply by paying the
   increase fee, which is the difference in price between the old and new
   licenses.  When you place a license increase order be sure to provide
   your serial number, and the old and new number of systems licensed.
   Contact us for a quote on license sizes not listed above.

   Special Offer:  If you are ordering an upgrade from a single-user copy
   and want to license additional systems at the same time, the first four
   additional licenses are just $29.95 per system for a single product
   (normally $42/system), or $59.95 per system for the JP CD Suite
   (normally $78/system).

   Multi-system licenses include one set of printed documentation for the
   product(s) you license.  Additional manual sets are available for all
   products; contact us for pricing and item numbers.


ADDITIONAL PRODUCTS
-------------------

   These products are selected to complement JP Software's primary
   offerings with utilities, editors, and other tools.  We use most of
   these products ourselves, and wanted to make them available to you as
   well.  If you need more information see the manufacturers' web sites
   listed below (or check our web site for convenient links).

     * Partition Magic (PowerQuest, $69.95):  Too much space in one hrd
       drive partition?  Too little in another?  This invaluable
       management tool lets you resize and move partitions, and even
       changes cluster size on the fly!  We've found it easy to use, fast,
       reliable.  Runs under DOS, OS/2, Windows 95, and Windows NT;
       supports a wide range of partition types including FAT, FAT32,
       HPFS, NTFS, and more.  (Web site at http://www.powerquest.com/)

     * System Commander (V Communications, $74.95):  This is an elegant
       solution for the multiple operating system user who's tired of
       "dual boot", and operating systems at war with each other.  System
       Commander boots more than 30 operating systems, including all
       recent and most older versions of MS-DOS, PC-DOS, DR-DOS / Novell
       DOS, OS/2, Windows 95, Windows NT, Netware, Linux, and many more.
       It supports up to 99 boot menu choices, and handles unusual
       problems -- like booting multiple OS's from the C drive, or making
       the proper primary partition visible to each OS -- with ease.  (Web
       site at http://www.v-com.com/)

     * Boxer / TKO (Boxer Software, $79.95):  This award-winning
       text editor is a fast, easy-to-use, full-featured editor you can
       use for batch files, simple documents, and program code.  It offers
       hundreds of advanced features ranging from cross-file search and
       replace to color syntax highlighting for multiple file types
       (including for JP Software batch files!), and is fully
       reconfigurable to suit your tastes.  A "light" version of Boxer,
       Boxer/EZ, will be shipped with each purchased copy of 4DOS 6.0.
       This enhanced "TKO" version supports much larger files than
       Boxer/EZ, and includes dozens of additional features.  (Web site at
       http://www.boxersoftware.com/users/dhamel/)

     * REXX is a powerful, flexible, easy to use scripting language
       developed by IBM.  It's a perfect complement to the 4DOS, 4OS2,
       4NT, and Take Command batch language, and excellent for performing
       string manipulation and other more complex functions in batch
       files.  REXX is more powerful than traditional batch languages, but
       without the heavy technical baggage of conventional programming
       tools.  It was specifically designed to be easy to read and write,
       so you can get started quickly and get your work done efficiently.
       If you need advanced string processing capabilities, or are
       stretching the limits of our batch language, then REXX is for you!

       We offer two REXX products:

        - WinREXX (Enterprise Alternatives, $79.95) is a complete,
          GUI-based REXX implementation for Windows 3.x, 95, and NT, and
          is directly supported from within 4NT and Take Command.  Develop
          your WinREXX scripts using the built-in IDE, then run them
          seamlessly from your Take Command or 4NT command line, or invoke
          them from batch files.  (Web site at http://www.winrexx.com/)

        - Personal REXX (Quercus, DOS $149.95, DOS & OS/2 $169.95) is a
          complete DOS and OS/2 character-mode version of REXX, and can be
          used easily from within 4DOS or 4OS2.  The OS/2 version goes
          beyond what's available in IBM's OS/2 REXX.  (Web site at
          http://www.quercus-sys.com/)


PAYMENT
-------
   We accept credit cards issued by Mastercard (and Eurocard), Visa,
   American Express, and Discover.

   Personal checks, bank checks, and money orders must be in US funds, and
   drawn on a US or Canadian bank.  Postal money orders in US funds are
   also acceptable.  Sorry, we cannot accept EuroCheques (our bank can't
   cash them).  See the next section for information on COD shipments.

   Cash may be sent at your own risk, and must be U.S. currency.  If you
   do send cash we strongly recommend using Registered Mail.

   Purchase Orders are accepted from established companies and government
   agencies, on 30-day terms.  Credit references are required for new
   customers.  Orders under $100 must be prepaid.  Contact us for
   additional requirements before submitting a purchase order from outside
   the U.S. and Canada.


SHIPPING
--------
   Orders typically require 2 - 3 business days processing time before
   shipment, and may take more or less depending on our order backlog.
   All shipping and delivery times may vary during peak upgrade periods.

   In the U.S. we ship via UPS Ground service (delivery 1 - 8 days after
   shipment, depending on your location), or via Federal Express 2-day
   service, at the rates shown on the order form.  Shipments to Alaska and
   Hawaii can be sent via U.S. Priority Mail (use rates shown for UPS
   Ground service), or via FedEx 2-day service.  Shipments to APO and FPO
   addresses are sent via Priority Mail, also at the UPS Ground rates.

   Contact us for other expedited domestic shipping options including UPS
   Blue Label and Red Label, FedEx overnight, and other carriers.

   COD shipping is normally available only for UPS ground shipments
   within the U.S., and adds $6 to the UPS shipping charge shown on the
   order form.  Special COD options are available for UPS Blue, UPS Red,
   and FedEx overnight shipments; contact us for details.

   Rates for shipments outside the U.S. are based on total weight.  As a
   convenience to our international customers (so they don't have to look
   through this whole file!), the rate table is in the separate file
   INTERNAT.TXT.

   If you receive international shipments via a freight forwarder in the
   U.S. please include both your address and the U.S. shipping address,
   and use the U.S. rate chart on the order form.


LEGAL INFORMATION
-----------------
   Copyright 1997, JP Software Inc., All Rights Reserved.

   Take Command and 4DOS are registered trademarks of JP Software Inc.
   4DOS, 4OS2, and 4NT are JP Software Inc.'s trademarks for its family of
   character-mode command processors.

   JP Software, jpsoft.com, and all JP Software designs and logos are also
   trademarks of JP Software Inc.

   Other product and company names are trademarks of their respective
   owners.

   The license agreement which governs your use of our products is
   included separately in the file LICENSE.TXT (for downloaded copies), or
   on your diskette envelope or other documents shipped with your order
   (for purchased copies).

   Published by JP Software Inc., P.O. Box 1470, E. Arlington, MA 02174,
   U.S.A., phone 617-646-3975, fax 617-646-0904.

   All prices and terms subject to change without notice.

   SPECIAL NOTE:  This pre-release version may be incomplete, and may
   contain errors or omissions which would not be present in a final
   release product.  It is distributed AS-IS and without warranty of any
   kind.  See the license agreement accompanying the pre-release files
   (in the file LICENSE.TXT) for details.
